Docs updates for Forms 10.2.1 (#4681)
umbraco/UmbracoDocs: Add-ons/UmbracoForms/Developer/Configuration/index.md

Defines how often the record deletion process will run. The default value is `1.00:00:00` which is equivalent to once every 24 hours.  Shorter or longer periods can be set using different datetime strings.

### DisableRecordIndexing

Set this value to `true` to disable the default behavior of indexing the form submissions into the Examine index.

> If indexing has already occured, you will still need to manually remove the files (found in `App_Data\TEMP\ExamineIndexes\UmbracoFormsRecords`). They will be recrated if indexing is subsequently re-enabled.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If indexing has already occurred, you will still need to manually remove the files (found in `App_Data\TEMP\ExamineIndexes\UmbracoFormsRecords`). They will be recreated if indexing is subsequently re-enabled.
```

A value of `form-creator` will give access to all the user groups that the user who created the form is part of.

### FormsApiKey and EnableAntiForgeryTokenForFormsApi
Available from Forms 10.2.1, the `FormsApiKey` configuration setting can be used to secure the Forms Headless API in server-to-server integrations. When set, API calls will be rejected unless the value of this setting is provided in an HTTP header.

Setting the value of `EnableAntiForgeryTokenForFormsApi` to `true` will disable the anti-forgery protection for the Forms Headless/AJAX API. You will need to do this for server-to-server integrations where it's not possible to provide a valid anti-forgery token in the request.

> Read more in the documentation for [Headless/AJAX Forms](../AjaxForms/index.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For more information, see the [Headless/AJAX Forms](../AjaxForms/index.md) article.
```
